WHEN, in the Course of human Events, it becomes necessary for one
People to dissolve the Political Bands which have connected them with
another, and to assume, among the Powers of the Earth, the separate
and equal Station to which the Laws of Nature and of Nature's GOD
entitle them, a decent Respect to the Opinions of Mankind requires
that they should declare the Causes which impel them to the
Separation.

We hold these Truths to be self-evident, that all Men are created
equal, that they are endowed, by their CREATOR, with certain
unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty, and the
Pursuit of Happiness.--That to secure these Rights, Governments are
instituted among Men, deriving their just Powers from the Consent of
the Governed, that whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive
of these Ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish
it, and to institute new Government, laying its Foundation on such
Principles, and organizing its Powers in such Form, as to them shall
seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness. Prudence,
indeed, will dictate, that Governments long established, should not be
changed for light and transient Causes; and accordingly all Experience
hath shewn, that Mankind are more disposed to suffer, while Evils are
sufferable, than to right themselves by abolishing the Forms to which
they are accustomed. But when a long Train of Abuses and Usurpations,
pursuing invariably the same Object, evinces a Design to reduce them
under absolute Despotism, it is their Right, it is their Duty, to
throw off such Government, and to provide new Guards for their future
Security. Such has been the patient Sufferance of these Colonies; and
such is now the Necessity which constrains them to alter their former
Systems of Government. The History of the present King of
Great-Britain is a History of repeated Injuries and Usurpations, all
having in direct Object the Establishment of an absolute Tyranny over
these States. To prove this, let Facts be submitted to a candid World.

